Subs Sycned By VITOENCODES
Bedtime!
Did you wash your face?
Yes.
No.
Once upon a time. there was a brave and
noble princess named Peach.
She was the great protector of the
Mushroom Kingdom.
Her story begins many years ago.
I want to hear the story about the
plumbers!
We did that one last night.
And the night before. and the night
before.
Plumber. plumber. plumbers.
plumbers. plumbers. plumbers... Okay.
Wahoo!
I hooked on to brother.
Mario and Luigi... Get
to Donkey Kong park!
Donkey Kong!
Let's save the rest for tomorrow.
You all get tucked into bed. alright?
I'll be right back.
Princess Rosalina. you're coming with me!
Hey!
You messed with
the wrong... Mom.
I had a bad dream.
Uh-oh.
It wasn't a dream.
Ah!
From
the ashes of his father's defeat.
rises a new conqueror!
The Bowser name shall be feared once more!
No!
Will you shut up?
I'm just so happy for you!
Your first princess napping!
Leave my mama alone!
No!
What?
...
Oh!
That jump you hit back there!
Mario. are we cool motorcycle guys now?
Obviously!
Ohh!
You're HERE!
Now... where's the troubled pirates?
I'm sorry. but we're terrible at sports.
Okay. okay.
How about pointing?
Okay. I guess we'll just follow that
terrifying noise.
Come on.
You're not the scared guy anymore.
Yes I am!
People don't change!
There's the problem.
Put the bricks back!
I looked down that hole!
And the devil looked back!
Hey. it's all right.
Easy...
Okay. okay now.
What's your name. little guy?
Yoshi.
Nice to meet you. Yoshi.
How did you get
in a war... ...type?
Wow.
Wowowowowowowowowowow.
Aaaah!
Ha ha ha. ha ha ha.
I guess we'll never know.
Found the problem!
Hola Yoshi!
Yoshi?
All the trouble over Yoshi.
Yeah. you know we found the little fella
and...
Where'd he go?
Hm.
He seemed like a nice guy.
He knows that's my bike. right?
Where
are you taking us?
I ain't enjoying it. princess.
It's the last place you'll ever see alive!
It's pretty cool. right?
I really think my dad's gonna love it.
Mama. I'm scared.
It's gonna be alright.
My Koopas!
Guess who stole a princess?
And not just any princess.
The guardian of the cosmos!
The mother of the stars!
With her powers. we will destroy the
universe!
She will give her life for our glory!
How's that for a speech?
Very descriptive.
Ow!
No one hurts my kids!
Go!
Ow!
The great battle of my life draws near!
It is time to free my father!
It is
time to free my father!
I think she'll like it.
Mario. do you have feelings for the
princess?
What?
Can't a guy give his good
buddy a perfect present
to show her just how
much she means to him?
When the moon hits your eye like a big
pizza pie that's...
I'm not in love with Peach!
Let's just go.
Hey guys!
Hey Toad!
Looking good!
Um. who is this?
Yoshi!
Who can resist that face?
Come on!
So some cool dinosaur just shows up and
he's now part of the group.
Hey. uh. have you seen the princess?
Nope.
Hey.
You're missing your own party.
I hate birthdays.
Yeah.
Luigi spent his tenth birthday crying.
Said his childhood was over.
Well the crazy thing is. today's not my
real birthday.
It's just the day the Toads found me.
They have no idea where I came from.
I've lived my entire life wondering where
my family is.
That must be so hard.
Sometimes I just feel so... lost.
Guess since it's not your actual birthday.
you don't want a present.
Mario!
Alright. fine. fine.
I love it.
Princess Peach.
I finally found you.
Oh!
Feel better now?
I can't believe it's really you.
Aren't you?
Your mama read us so many bedtime stories
about you.
Me?
Are you sure?
She said if anything ever happened to her.
to find you and you would help us.
Princess!
Our mama's been taken!
What happened?
A giant robot took her to a scary planet
out beyond the Gateway Galaxy.
Can you help us?
Peach. sorry.
I tried.
Yes. yes.
We were eavesdropping.
Don't you even think about leaving!
Guys. can we just give the princess a
minute?
She'll figure out what to do.
I disagree. Mario.
Even though my pajamas say otherwise.
There is nothing to figure out.
She is not leaving!
Yes. yes. yes.
Alright. guys.
Let's go.
We can discuss more in the morning.
Goodnight. princess.
Toad. pack our things.
I'm going to the She left this for you.
Dear Mustache. I've gone to the Gateway
Galaxy to begin my search for the Luma's mom.
I'm leaving the kingdom in your hands.
Sincerely. Peach.
Sincerely?
...Ooh. la la. that's a good sign...
Princess Peach is gone?
Oh. nooooo!
Everyone. calm down.
The Super Mario Brothers can take care of
the kingdom.
Gah.
Now what?
You scared me.
You wanted to see us?
Don't move. I'll be right up.
Clean up the place.
And also trim the bonsai bush.
Here we go.
Hey. Luigi.
What's up. Mario?
Behold. I made a masterpiece for Princess
Peach.
What do you think?
And be honest.
Love the colors.
The criticism I'd give you is it's trash.
How dare you look at my masterpiece and
say that?
You think painting is easy?
I'll burn the skin off your bones!
Wow.
Sorry about that.
That's the old Bowser talking.
Still working through my demons.
I suppose.
All good. all better now.
Anyway. it's not just a present.
It's a peace offering.
I'd like her to release me.
Not for good behavior.
For awesome behavior.
She'd never release you.
And don't even ask about making you big
again.
Even though I'm totally rehabilitated?
Mario. he's really changed.
We're doing a weekly book club together.
I bring the soup.
She doesn't trust you.
And neither do I.
Oh. you better start trusting me or I will
eat your soul and...
I'm sorry.
It's just... Oh. wow.
All right.
You know what. guys?
I'm gonna hit the sack.
I need my eight hours or else I really
turn into a monster.
Nighty night.
Okay.
.
In the name of the Koopas. I demand that
you release my father!
Over my dead body.
Fine with me.
Why don't start over. and introduce
ourselves.
Okay. uh. hi. I'm Luigi.
I'm Bowser Jr.. and I'm gonna be taking my
father... now!
Ah!
Whoa!
You've been doing so great. but thought
you might need a hand?
Whoa!
Aah!
Hello?
Ooh. hee-hee-hee.
Huh?
Aah!
Everyone okay?
Where are we?
Ah!
You gotta be kidding me!
Wait a second!
Hey. get back here!
No!
You can't catch the wind!
I just kinda did.
It was a metaphor!
Stop it!
You should probably spit him out.
Ho-ho-ho!
That was intense!
Guys. this is embarrassing.
I'm still a tiny work in progress.
Sorry. pal.
You expect me to shake the hand of the
turtle whose son just attacked me?
My... son?
Ugh.
I haven't seen him in years.
Mario. I was a terrible father.
He must hate me.
Hate you?
Your son tried to chop my head off just to
free you.
He wants to see you.
He could just use some guidance.
Really?
You think I might have a shot at
reconnecting with my boy?
Ah. see Mario?
He's gotten really in touch with his
feelings.
I'm drowning in him!
All right. let's just keep moving.
We gotta find a way off this planet and
get to Peach.
Look!
There it is!
Watch your step. Quentin!
Come on. we're going to be late!
Whoa!
The Gateway Galaxy!
Toad.
where are you going?
This must be who we're looking for.
Toad.
where are you going?
Princess. are you okay?
Ukiki is lost.
Have you seen Ukiki's friends?
Oh. you've got a lost little monkey.
I gotcha.
That monkey just uses cuteness for crime!
Toad!
Wait!
All of our power-ups and coins are in
there!
And my unfinished novel!
Pardon me!
Excuse me!
Sorry!
We got you now!
Monkey jumped through the wall!
Stay close.
Dad. I know you're down there somewhere.
Sire. it is hopeless!
The important thing now in our time of
grief is to...
Stay strong for each other!
Will you get a hold of yourself?
We gotta keep looking for Papa!
So. um. Bowser wants to talk to you about
something.
You know. Mario. all boys believe their
fathers are larger than life.
I don't want to disappoint my boy by being
so small!
I'm not making you big.
You're used to living a pint-sized life.
But I was born to be big!
Undo the power of the
blue mushroom. and I
shall fight by your
side for all of eternity!
That's a good deal!
Eternity's a long time!
We will be unstoppable!
Hmm... no.
Come on. hit me. Mario!
Hit me!
No. Mario. hit him!
We can trust him!
Hit me!
Mario. just go ahead and hit him!
Hit him!
Hit me now!
You tiny. pathetic failure of a plumber!
Ah!
What?
Do not regret this!
What are you guys waiting for?
There's a castle up there!
Come on!
Follow me!
Ukiki. look at what you brought me.
Princesses are very valuable.
Ukiki thinks your novel stinks!
What is it with you princesses and getting
captured?
You know something about that missing
princess?
Not a thing.
You listen to me. you slimeball.
You're gonna tell me exactly where
Rosalina is.
Or what?
No. you don't.
Come on. let's go.
We're out!
Let's get this started!
Darn it!
Where are you going. Princess?
I don't want to stay here anymore!
Ah!
Where is she?
I don't know. must be a weirdo!
What is this?
No. princess.
You're going to regret that.
Where is she?
Do I look like a snitch?
Oh!
Yes. I do!
This is your last chance!
Okay. okay!
Listen to me!
Baldur's Kid took her!
Where?
The Space Junk Galaxy!
Toad. give me that!
Get me Baldur Jr. Now!
Move those little legs. shortcake!
Hi.
We need some help getting off your planet.
You will have to speak to the Queen.
but the scary-looking guy stays here.
I got this.
Hello?
Your Highness. we are trying to get to the
gateway...
You're the aliens who destroyed my flower
fields.
Imprison them!
Take them to the honey mines!
Not on my watch!
Someone must pay for their crimes.
Release them!
I shall serve their sentence in their
stead.
I can do the work of a hundred men and at
least ten thousand beasts.
Please. take me.
And send them to the Gateway Galaxy.
We have a deal.
Get them to the Gateway Galaxy!
Are you sure about this?
You're not as horrible as I thought.
Thank you.
Put that away!
You take care of him. okay?
I always do.
This miserable bird will give you passage.
Go!
Make your old enemy proud!
When I'm free. me and my girl are gonna go
dancing till the sun rises.
You got a honey back home?
Ah...
She bailed at the altar.
Left me twisted in the wind.
I'm still healing.
Remembering who I was before her.
That is one sensitive soul.
Stay strong!
You'll find the right one someday!
Ah!
Hi. Dad.
Junior?
Ho ho ho. my boy!
You got so big!
This is all yours?
Hey. aren't you supposed to be at boarding
school?
Boarding school?
More like boring school.
I got expelled!
Ha ha ha ha!
You really grew up when I wasn't paying
attention.
Dad!
We're about to become the two most
powerful dudes in the universe!
Remember when I was a baby turtle?
You were working so hard. trying to
conquer the world!
But once in a while. you'd have a night
off.
And you'd tuck me in and tell me our
favorite bedtime story.
Those were the best nights of my life!
Tell me the story!
Again?
Ha ha ha!
Back in the days of yore. there was a
powerful villain with awesome hair.
He loved conquering everything.
You see. this villain had a son.
The two roamed the universe desperate for
a place to call home.
But everywhere they went was just
incredibly... lame.
Gross!
So. they decided to make their own planet!
Behold. Planet Bowser!
A sinister sanctuary where they could
spend the rest of the days.
They built an evil roller coaster.
A gorge full of lava.
And they carved a giant mountain into the
shape of their heads.
And at the top of the planet. they built
the biggest cannon ever.
It could destroy the universe!
They called it... The
Boomstay Weapon!
To power it. they needed...
The most powerful princess in the
universe!
And when they had drained all her
power... And the weapon was ready...
They went planet by planet...
Destroying all those who disrespected
them!
Boom!
Until they danced on the ashes of
the universe... And reigned supreme!
The end.
Dad. will you tell me again tomorrow
night?
Of course.
Good night. my boy.
Shh!
Dad. I built us that planet!
You did?
We're going there right now!
You and me!
Two Bowser's!
No limits!
My lords!
We have a problem.
Welcome to the information booth.
My name is Rob.
Would you like some information?
We need to find a pilot. and quick.
Certainly.
Pilots can be found on the flight deck.
which is located right over...
Oh. Rob. you're killing me!
I'm sorry.
I do not wish to kill you.
Ugh. Toad!
I am Rob.
I know!
Great!
Thanks for visiting information.
Where is the flight deck?
Right over... here.
Thank you!
You're welcome.
Hi there!
Can you take us to the Space Junk Galaxy?
Uh. nope.
Excuse me.
How much to take us to the Space Junk
Galaxy?
Too dangerous for this little fly boy!
So. tell me this.
Why is a princess trying to go to the most
dangerous place in the galaxy?
Who are you?
Don't ask me personal questions.
Oh. I'm so sorry.
I didn't... I'm Fox McCloud!
Leader of the legendary Star Fox team!
I only care about three things.
Keeping the lilac system safe.
Fighting with my buds.
And doing extremely dangerous barrel
rolls!
Let's go!
Then one day. my warp drive exploded.
Blew a giant hole in the fabric of space
and time.
And I got sucked into a different
universe.
That's what I get for making a frog my
engineer.
Now I roam your galaxy. trying to find a
way home.
Doing good. when the price is right.
Oh. I also have cool space boots.
Whoa.
Now that's the backstory of the guy who's
going to take us to the Space Junk Galaxy.
How desperate for money do you think I am?
Alright. you got a deal.
I'll fuel up the R-Wing. we'll take off in
five.
That was the coolest dude I've ever seen.
Mario. I have a great idea.
When you see Peach.
you should catch up and
go. Oh. blah. blah.
blah. oh. hi. how are you?
And then. boom!
You should ask her out on a date!
I don't know. Lou.
You think a princess would have a date?
A plumber?
Oh. Mario.
She would be the luckiest princess in the
world to be your girlfriend.
She is going to say yes.
And then you're going to ask her if she
has a friend for me.
Now. we just need to find her.
She is right over.
Peach!
Mario?
Oh. Yoshi is here.
Yay!
Mario!
A handshake?
I thought it could be cool.
I mean. just thought it could be cool.
Thought that would be good.
And cool.
Mario. I found out where Rosalina is.
And this guy is going to take us there.
Nice ride!
Nice stash!
Let's go!
You gotta love a space rogue!
He doesn't look like a rogue to me.
He looks like Ms. Castellano's dog.
Can Ms. Castellano's dog do this?
I like this guy!
I want to hang on to something!
Oh!
He's not dead!
He's dead!
They're gonna pay for that!
Wait!
Junior!
I kind of got to know them.
They're super lame. but I'd still feel bad
about killing them.
What are you talking about?
Not kill them?
Well. that's weird.
Okay. doing this one for you. Dad.
When I'm done with them. they'll be crying
for their mommies.
What's that gonna do?
Bowser!
He played us!
Oh. babies!
Ow!
No!
Boo!
Don't worry. Dad.
This time tomorrow. you'll have forgotten
all about those dorks in overalls.
The whole universe will be ours!
The End How about now?
Nope.
The babies!
Got it!
Huh?
Yoshi!
Come back!
What are you doing?
What are you doing. Dad?
Stop it!
Help me out!
Let's see you pay for this!
Washu!
Let go!
Give it!
Give it to me!
Where is that?
I'm on it.
Here you go!
You get it!
Just what were you expecting?
It's just. It's 2014.
Compared to what I'm expecting.
it's 3 holidays.
$35.00 $35.00!
$35.00?
Not a How did you imagine it so much
?portrait.
Which one?
Number 2?
I kind of liked being a baby.
All the scary thoughts running through my
head just disappeared. you know?
We're going to fix you up like new.
okay?
It's going to be fine.
It's just a dent.
Just a dent.
Hey. we are going to find a way off this
planet.
Mario. we're galaxies away from Rosalina.
We can't fix the ship. and somehow we keep
adding dinosaurs!
I know you're frustrated.
Princesses don't get frustrated!
Alright. well then can I be not frustrated
with you?
Uh. Breaker Breaker. this is Big Green
with Little Red and the League of Beagle.
Uh. we are looking for an evac.
ASAP. how to make a fender bender in Dino
Town.
Uh. we're hauling some cargo...
Someone do it!
Look what happens when you don't have a
bedtime!
Hey. hey. hey!
This is the big Luigi dog saying over and
out!
Luigi?
Their mustaches were ridiculous.
but they weren't bad guys.
They were your friends. huh?
Nothing's more dangerous than a friend.
When your armor's down. they'll stab you
in the back.
Where did you hear that?
It's what you told me when you dropped me
off for my first day of school.
I am a good dad.
Those friends of yours tried to ruin you.
turn you into something you're not.
You know who won't hurt you?
Your family.
Family is forever.
Close your eyes.
Dad!
Wait for it.
Now open.
I can't believe it.
Guys. there's something extremely weird
flying towards us.
What's the goal?
We'll be at the Space Junk Galaxy before
nap time!
Once upon a time...
there was a brave and noble princess named
Peach.
Her story begins many years ago...
when she lived on a small planet with her
sister. Rosalina.
The two sisters were made of stardust.
Their love burned as brightly as the stars
themselves.
Together...
they could summon the power of the cosmos.
But evil forces wanted the power for
themselves.
Rosalina... had to send
Peach away... to safety.
The toads raised and protected her...
until she grew strong enough...
to protect them.
Three years later...
they would call the And...
welcome to Planet Bowser!
Oh my god.
Earthquake... You
really built all this?
But that's not all. we
have... ...our very own...
And the princess I kidnapped to power it!
The universe will never forgive you.
This is who you are.
This is where you belong.
Tonight we destroy the Mushroom Kingdom.
Tomorrow. the universe!
Long live the King!
They're waiting for you.
Sometimes. on this rainbow road of life.
we lose our way.
But if you're lucky. a tiny version of
yourself helps you remember your true calling.
My Koopas!
Your King has returned!
They know to love their own king.
The princess is waiting for you.
And the king wants to be with you.
She's ready
to protect you. Koopas!
But she doesn't have time.
No. she doesn't.
Now is our chance!
Moomin. wake up!
We'll get you on the planet.
Buckle up.
It's about to get crazy.
Star Fox team is ready.
Let's do this.
Incoming!
Do a barrel roll!
You're up. Mustache.
Good luck.
Woo-hoo!
What that means?
It means you go this way. we go that way.
Oh. gotcha.
Intruder alert!
It won't be long now. Dad.
What?
My lord. our tormentors have returned!
I'll take care of them.
I built a security system that's next
level.
They're gonna get torn to pieces.
I love being a dad.
Oh. the days are long. but the years are
short.
Just.
Oh God. I hate you.   que subi You're
amazing. Moto.
You're faster than Dante!
You're
faster. only what?
You don't know I love you.
But I love you.
więc I feed it.
Bows.
It didn't have to be this way.
I know there's still some good in there.
Let us pass.
Now.
Or what?
You'll humiliate me at my wedding?
Shrink me to a nubbin and put me in a jar?
Make me join a book club?
We had our moment. Mario.
But Bowser is back.
And now you feel my fury!
Dad...
The bones!
I am the Skull King!
And I am his son!
Mario!
Go!
Save her!
Very weird.
A little pause... and we are back.
Finish this. Lou.
Lou!
What?
You know I never learned how to draw!
Yes!
In the name of the Koopas!
Ah!
Junior!
Daddy!
Please. help me!
Junior!
Oh. my boy!
I knew you would come for me.
I'm
your fever. Dad!
Doing great. my boy!
Let's find my foot!
Mario!
Come meet my sister.
I am so happy you found each other.
I love a family reunion!
Mama?
My babies!
We miss you so much!
I missed you too.
Mama. can we visit the Mushroom Kingdom?
I want to see the castle.
Okay. okay.
Where's your castle?
Oh. well. the castle. yeah. the castle.
uh...
It died.
What are you talking about?
You know what. guys?
We're gonna rebuild the best castle ever!
Who wants to help?
Oh. yeah!
Oh!
So where are you off to next?
That nice space princess fixed up my warp
drive. and I'm heading home.
Good luck with them.
That is one complicated family.
Don't worry. son.
No jail can hold us.
We'll be outta here soon.
Hello. maggots.
Tryin' to escape?
You're gonna play by my rules now.
Stay close. son.
She won't break us.
First goes the body. then goes the bones.
Then all that's left is dust.
You be quiet.
Right now!
You can't silence the truth.
It only makes it louder.
Like the approaching drumbeat... of death!
Encoded By VITOENCODES
Oh. there. there. you poor little monkey.
Well.
thank you very much. your highness.
Encoded By VITOENCODES